 So here is the user journey explained. User signes up through. landing page, they access the workspace page authenticated by free or pro (based on if the user has purchased mebership or is a free member) step 1. TRAIN: they train their custom ai model (this is ready andComplete LIVE) when their ai model is done training, they can go to step 2 STYLE: (also done and ready LIVE) they can chat to Victoria the ai stylist to generate images, Step 3. SHOOT (allready buildt and live) custom prompts for users to generate images from quick and easy. then step 4. BUILD (NOT FINISHED and my new vision and feature) Users click on Build card inside the workspace as step 4. They then get to a chat with Victoria and (live dev preview) same as the visual editor inside my admin (just copy or build the same exept for technical features, and my ai agents) This feature is connected to a seperate ai agent Maya who is a copy of my Victoria agent ux luxury designer. when users first visites Victoria and the visual studio, they see in the dev prevew a onboarding landing page like onboarding page clicable and text imput for users to tell Victoria their story, target audience, clicable color prefrences, fonts, flatlay collections, what images they want to use from their gallery. and so on. Then after they sumbit this in the live dev prevew the users information gets stored in the database and victoria remembers the users onboarding and starts to design their complete website: homepage, about, services, contact pages everything linked correctly and users can navigate trough and througot their website inside their live preview. they can then ask Victoria to change sections or style, text what ever they want, and victoria then always comes up with new ideas to add, or should we add your freebie, should we connect stripe? should we add calendly and so on.. Users can then just keep chatting with victoria how ever they want, but the limits of the pages are Home, About, Services or Products, Contact. They can chat to victoria about social media posts about how to start launching their new website, their rebranding helping them create captions and story slide texts. Victoria always guides the users in baby seteps. Never overwhelsms. She designs and does the heavy lifting and make the users think WOW this is amazing. When the user is happy with their design, (victoria makes sure everything is complete before the users publishes lisve. If they forgot to add their freebie, their stripe ppayment and so on, If the user dont want a complete website and just a landing page she does that as well, She understands and is warm, Just asks do you have a freebie? should we add that or do you want me to come with some sugestions for a freebie ?