Can you help me rewrite this so its understandable: I need your honest and expert advice. I have a 100% belive in my vision and my platform. I know I am going to help so many women visulize and build ther personal brands. But here is my honset truth. I have 200 euros in my bank account at the moment. I need to start having some money coming in for me to be able to keep building my vision. At the moment this codespace is getting messy with conflicts and duplicates in the database and tables that is preventing me to launch the SSELFIE AI PHOTOSHOOT with Sandra AI Chat feature to my 120K followers. For me to be able to keep building on my vision I need to have some revenue coming in but I cana not launch this when the feature and the entire user journey is not working properly. Replit is chargin me 50 euros pr day building my platform and as of now I can not keep building when there is nothing coming in. So thats why I need your expert and honest advise what is going to be the simplest, fastest and easiest way for me to launch the photoshoot model? nr. 1 Start a new project in replit with just the photoshoot model. Only build this feature and then when everything is working, its launched and working correctly, I can start to add the other feature one by one. Like landing page designer and so on in the background. Nr 2. You help me push to a new branch in github only what we need for the photoshoot model and sandra ai chat and finish the code inside codspace using the codespace copilot to help me connect everything. Nr. 3. Clean up our current one? Nr. 4 - Any other Ideas ? I love what we have build here but I can not keep running into errors every time Im testing, spending days trying to figure out where the conflicts and errors are coming from. And I can not keep spending 50 euros per day with no income. I also have 5000 subscribers on manychat, 2500 email subscribers (flodesk) and I have no emails going out, no automation to start selling becaus I have been trying to make this perfect. I need your help please